Fix up stupid docs (#1)
nbuilding/N-lang-docs: docs/features/importing_n_files.md

print(importedThings.test) // Prints out hello
//print(importedthigns.test2) will cause an error because it is not public
```

> The `pub` modifier is used to export values to other files. This is why it can be applied to nearly every type or variable declaration, as by default, all values are private, to prevent malicous or accidential messing of code in other files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pub` modifier is used to export values to other files. This is why it can be applied to nearly every type or variable declaration, as by default, all values are private, to prevent malicious or accidental messing of code in other files.
```

> Though it may be useful, circular imports are outlawed in the current system as there is no good way of making it work properly in the system we have defined.	

Reviewer: Grammarly says "it" in "making it work properly" should be "them," which makes sense, but I think "circular imports" is a singular concept and thus can be referred to as "it" so idk

Author: I agree with what you think
